[deckhouse-tools] new module (#9140)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/800-deckhouse-tools/docs/README.md

---
title: "The deckhouse-tools module"
webIfaces:
- name: deckhouse-tools
description: "The deckhouse-tools Deckhouse module provides a web interface in the cluster for downloading Deckhouse utilities (Deckhouse CLI)"
---

> The module creates a web UI with links to download Deckhouse tools (currently [Deckhouse CLI](../../deckhouse-cli/) for different OS).
> 
> The tools web UI address is formed as follows: the key `%s` of the [publicDomainTemplate](../../deckhouse-configure-global.html#parameters-modules-publicdomaintemplate) global Deckhouse configuration parameter is replaced by `tools`.
> 
> For example, if `publicDomainTemplate` is set as `%s-kube.company.my`, then the tools web interface will be available at `tools-kube.company.my`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module creates a web UI with links to download Deckhouse tools (currently [Deckhouse CLI](../../deckhouse-cli/) for various operating systems).

The web interface address is composed based on the [publicDomainTemplate](../../deckhouse-configure-global.html#parameters-modules-publicdomaintemplate) template of the Deckhouse global configuration parameter (the `%s` key is replaced with `tools`).

For example, if `publicDomainTemplate` is set to `%s-kube.company.my`, the tools web interface will be exposed at `tools-kube.company.my`.
```

---
title: "The documentation module"
webIfaces:

> - name: documentation

Reviewer 2: same here - `documentation`

> - name: documentation

Reviewer 2: I think it should not have the same DNS address as documentation module
